# PROJECT
Cities with best work-life balance in 2022
Dataset : Cities with the Best Work-Life Balance 2022, This dataset consists of 24 attributes each of them contributing for the study of Work-life fit in various cities.The dataset consists of coloumns: 24 , rows : 100 , out of which 13 are of datatype float64, 2 are of int64 datatype and 9 are of object type data. 24 different coloumns are namely : 2022,Minimum Vacations Offered (Days),Unemployment,Covid Impact,Covid Support,Healthcare,Access to Mental Healthcare,Inclusivity&Tolerance,Affordability,Happiness-Culture & Leisure,City Safety,Outdoor Spaces,Air Quality,Wellness and Fitness,TOTAL SCORE,Paid Parental Leave (Days),Inflation,Multiple Jobholders,Vacations Taken (Days),Overworked Population,2021,City,Remote Jobs,Country etc...
Cities with the Best Work-Life Balance 2022                                                                                                                          1.Three aspects of work-life balance                                                                                                                                      2.Work Intensity                                                                                                                                                         3.Society and Institutions                                                                                                                                              4.City Liveability
Coloumns considered depicts ;Rank in 2022,Rank in 2021,City,Country,The percentage of jobs that can be performed remotely in each city, and the feasibility of working at home for all,The percentage of full-time employees working more than 48 hours per working week in each city. A higher percentage,
Coloumns considered depicts ;Rank in 2022,Rank in 2021,City,Country,The percentage of jobs that can be performed remotely in each city, and the feasibility of working at home for all,The percentage of full-time employees working more than 48 hours per working week in each city. A higher percentage,The average number of paid vacation days taken by full-time employees in a single year.A score that reflects the unemployment rate for the metropolitan area or region in the first quarter of 2021. A higher score,The percentage of employed people in each city holding more than one job at a time,The rate of price inflation for a range of consumer goods and services including food, beverages, clothing, housing, water,;The number of paid family leave days afforded to employees by law in each city.A score that reflects the income support provided by governments to workers affected by the economic effects of.A score that rates a city’s healthcare system based on accessibility, quality of care and satisfaction. Country-level data was.A score that reflects the accessibility and effectiveness of governments’ implementation of mental.A score that reflects the combined scores of the ‘Gender Equality’ (degree of gender parity), as well as the ‘LGBT+’,A score that reflects monthly living costs as a proportion of the average household income after tax. Monthly costs include;The combined scores of both the ‘Happiness’ and ‘Culture & Leisure’ factors, as detailed below: Happiness The score;The degree of a city’s safety in more than a dozen key areas, including environmental, social and infrastructural;The prevalence and accessibility of a city’s urban green infrastructure as a score, including its proximity to residents and Annual median particulate matter (PM2.5/PM10) pollution for the year 2022, represented as a score. Daily average data.The general state of a community’s physical fitness and health as represented by the population’s average life expectancy, as well as levels of inactivity, obesity, and the number of fitness studios and gyms per capita. National data was used for life expectancy at birth, while US cities use city-level data. Adult obesity rates and the prevalence of physical inactivity were taken at a national level, with US cities using state level data. Data on the number of gyms per capita is taken at a city level. A higher score reflects a better state of a community’s physical fitness and health and the TOTAL SCORE respectively.
Work-life balance entails to a balanced state, where one adequately balances work or professional demands and those of their personal life. An individual who lacks a work-life balance has more obligations with respect to work and home, works longer hours, and experiences shortfall in personal time.Some utilize work-life balance as an opportunity to work no more than 8 hours a day and still have time to hit the gym, run some other works, and spend time with family and friends.
